{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green105\blue170;
\red27\green35\blue47;\red238\green241\blue244;\red9\green72\blue115;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c49412\c72549;
\cssrgb\c13725\c18431\c24314;\cssrgb\c94510\c95686\c96471;\cssrgb\c0\c35686\c52549;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17840\viewh14160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs35\fsmilli17920 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
https://aws.amazon.com/government-education/government/?nc2=h_m2\
\
With over 2,000 government agencies using AWS, we understand the requirements US government agencies have to balance economy and agility with security, compliance and reliability.\'a0 In every instance, we have been among the first to solve government compliance challenges facing cloud computing and have consistently helped our customers navigate procurement and policy issues related to adoption of cloud computing. AWS provides commercial cloud capability across all classification levels: Unclassified, Sensitive, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/publicsector/defense-agencies-can-access-aws-secret-region-for-il6-workloads/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Secret}}, and Top Secret making it possible to execute missions with a common set of tools, a constant flow of the latest technology, and the flexibility to rapidly scale with the mission.\
\
Backup & Restore\
\
We offer the most storage services, data-transfer methods, and networking options to build solutions that protect your data with unmatched durabiliy and security. Learn more about Benefits of AWS Backup, the AWS Partner Network for Storage & Backup, Use Cases, Customer Case Studies, and Evolving Backup into Archive & Disaster Recovery.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 DATA DURABILITY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Protect backups with 99.999999999% data durability. Copies of all data uploaded to Amazon S3 and Amazon Glacier are created and stored across at least three devices in a single AWS Region. Even when following best practices, on-premises capabilities cannot match AWS\'92 durability due to our global scale and security.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 FLEXIBILITY & SCALABILITY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Scale up your backup resources in minutes as data requirements change . With AWS, you no longer need to wait weeks-to-months to procure tapes, disks, and other IT resources to increase your storage infrastructure. This ability to scale on demand can improve operational flexibility, innovation, and business agility.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 COST EFFICIENCIES\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Spend efficiently with pay-as-you-go pricing, cost-management tools, the \cf4 S3 Storage Classes\cf2 , and \cf4 Amazon Glacier\cf2 . With these capabilities, you can cost-effectively protect data in the cloud without sacrificing performance. Sending backups to AWS can be the first step in reducing total cost of ownership and your data center footprint.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 BACKUP FOR ALL DATA TYPES\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Back up all data types with AWS. Our storage services for object (
\f1\b Amazon S3 
\f0\b0 and 
\f1\b Amazon Glacier
\f0\b0 ), file (
\f1\b Amazon Elastic File Service
\f0\b0 ), and block (
\f1\b Amazon Elastic Block Storage
\f0\b0 ) support industry-leading scalability, availability, durability, and security so your backups are protected and available when needed. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/services/#Amazon_Simple_Storage_Service_.28Amazon_S3.29"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Learn more \'bb}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 SECURITY & COMPLIANCE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Protect backups with a data center and network architecture built for the most security-sensitive organizations. Manage access, detect irregular activity, encrypt data, and perform audits with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/security/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 AWS Security services}}. AWS also maintains {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 security assurance programs}}, so parts of your compliance may already be completed.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf5 \cb6 DATA-TRANSFER METHODS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf2 \cb6 Work with AWS to optimize data transfers over the Internet (
\f1\b Amazon Direct Connect
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b S3 Transfer Acceleration
\f0\b0 ), move petabytes to exabytes of data offline (
\f1\b AWS Snowball,
\f0\b0  
\f1\b AWS Snowmobile
\f0\b0 , and 
\f1\b AWS Snowball Edge
\f0\b0 ), and deploy 
\f1\b AWS Storage Gateway 
\f0\b0 to connect on-premises operations to AWS. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/services/#Data_Transfer"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Learn more \'bb}}
\fs35\fsmilli17920 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
}